Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[***]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
I hear they're not even
hiring anyone new
for this Broadway show.
Seriously.
[***]
[doingocalarmups]
Hey. you keep up
with that noise.
and you're fired. okay?
What are you doin'?
[***]
All right. show us
what you've got.
[***]
* Curtains up *
* Chin up. buttercup *
* Can't you hear the knocking
of an opportunity? *
* Don't you know
that's it's on with the show? *
* If don't let it
bring you to your knees *
* Pay no attention *
* To what the newspapers say *
* If you've got
good intentions *
* It's all workin' out anyway *
* It's written in our DNA *
* You just gotta believe *
* That if you want to be
a shootin' star *
* You just dream that dream *
* Ooh *
* Dream that dream! *
[silence]
[one person coughing]
[sighing]
Thank you. Next.
-I'm next!
[***]
-No. I'm next.
-I'm nex-No. I'm next!
Hey. no.'m as .
-Hey!
-It's my console.
Hey. hey. hey.
It's my console.
just like everything else
in this house.
We know. we know.
We only borrow everything
till we're 18.
Besides. you have to wait
until after school
to destroy your brain cells.
Ugh!
Hey. Did you even feed Quinn?
Come on. Phillip!
-Coming.
-Hey.
Oh. hey.
Sorry I'm late.
Oh. well. you know
the old saying.
one person's "late"
is another person's...
"right on time."
Uh. hey. Phillip.
How's it going?
My mom forgot
my dentist appointment.
I definitely did not.
Oh. do you need help?
Can I... do you want me
to take him?
I'm not teaching till 1:00.
I was onna be
grading papers
at the diner
down the block.
No.
You'd be helping
me out. actually.
No. it's okay.
Why is this the...
escape room of dog leashes?
Seriously. Claire.
Let me help.
Okay. [exhaling]
Okay. You know what?
Yeah. that would
actually be great.
Do you know where
the spare key is?
Yeah. on the... under the...
Yeah. back there. Thanks!
Thank you!
Got it. Not a problem.
[***]
-Mom?
-Mm?
Did you remember to schedule
my fitting for...
Before school? I know.
Okay. 'cause I have
that new workshop
with the new instructor...
After school. I know.
Sorry. Mom.
It's just the spring showcase
is right around the corner...
And this
is the most important time
of your life.
It's crazy
that I've worked so hard
for this long.
and it...
And it all comes down
to one performance.
Believe me... I know.
[Dad] Ah. yes.
No. I appreciate you putting me
as lead on my case.
Yeah. it was clear
they needed some...
how do I say. uh.
guidance?
Oh. yes.
Oh. that makes perfect sense.
Of course.
[chuckling] Yeah.
Uh... oh. I'm not sure
Friday will work.
My wife has this weekly...
[hushed]
No. no. no. no. I'll skip it.
On second thought. no.
Friday will be perfect.
[he gasps quietly]
This is it. babe.
Jameson would like
for you and I
to join he and his wife
at Osteria Andretti
Friday night.
Osteria Andretti?
That's not just
a typical steak dinner.
No. that's partner prime rib.
-Ah! Ho. ho!
-[laughing]
Oh!
You know who makes
an even better prime rib?
Well. of course...
but are you sure?
You want
to impress them. right?
You're always saying
Jameson is always talking about
strong family values.
Why not invite 'em over
for dinner?
But are you sure about Friday?
How loving are you gonna be
if you miss
another choir rehearsal?
The church choir
will understand.
We are about to be blessed
with two stars in the family...
one. my baby prima ballerina.
and my honey.
a partner
at Jameson. Sloss.
and Keating.
No! No.
Jameson. Sloss. Keating...
and Smith!
[laughing]
Oh!
[rain falling]
* I need the touch
of a humankind *
* Lay your head
on my shoulder *
* Well. I've been looking
for peace in my mind *
Claire?
We are a fashion house.
You can't come to work
lookin' like that.
You're tracking water
all through the warehouse.
That's couture.
Okay. look.
Um. look. the. uh.
accounting firm.
they need those. um...
expenses you were reviewing.
Yes. I am on track
to have it delivered
by the deadline.
Well. they need this
by 11 a.m..
but all the delivery services
are backed up
because of the rain.
You want me
to transport this...
to Brooklyn?
Mm.
Okay.
* Well. I've been looking
for peace in my mind *
Safe travels.
This doesn't make sense.
Am I in the wrong place?
Where is 5J?
[sighing]
[music filtering out]
* Right. now. are you ready?
Are you ready? *
* Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Whoa. oh. oh. oh *
* Let's get this started *
* Right now *
* Are you ready?
Are you ready? *
* Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Whoa. oh. oh. oh *
* Let's get this started *
-[song ends]
-Hey!
[laughter]
And who are you.
Miss Looky-Loo?
Oh. nobody.
I'm looking for suite 5J.
It's an accounting firm.
Maybe you can help me.
Well. all right. Nobody.
I think you can tell
this is not an accounting firm.
I need you
to bop that little body
back down to the lobby
and tell Curtis
to start doing his job
and stop letting
everybody up in here...
[exhaling] ...or you could
bop on into this class.
The schedule's
posted on the door.
At least. that's the schedule
for the next three months.
If business doesn't go up.
I'm likely shutting down.
But until then.
you're welcome to come back...
with a credit card.
See you next time.
All right.
Whoo! Here we go!
Let me see that again.
And a-five.
six. seven. eight.
and one. two. three.
four. five and a-six.
and seven. eight...
* Let's get this started *
* Right now *
Two minutes.
Wallford application...
Oh. here it is.
Get everything delivered?
Um...
Oh. personal business
on company time?
I have two minutes
to submit Paul's application.
So I see.
Wallford?
Oh. posh!
[he chuckles]
[***]
[computer beeping]
[sighing]
[error beeping]
No. No.
[sighing]
Yeah. well.
not only was it not good.
it was questionably legal.
[laughter]
But Mark caught it!
And he called
the other side out on it.
The judge agreed.
He single-handedly
saved the case.
Well. not single-handedly.
Don't be modest. Smith.
You're doing good work.
We all see that.
Thank you.
And thank you both
for coming.
I want to say
a special thanks to Danielle.
who did single-handedly
prepare this meal.
Danielle.
this meal is perfection.
Oh...
I hate that I'll be repaying
your hospitality
by keeping Mark at the office
even more.
We support Mark's work
100 percent.
Everything he and the firm
have done for the community...
really valuable.
[Jameson] Indeed.
A man of Mark's values...
very valuable to the firm.
[***]
[shoes tapping]
* Some days
I don't know your face *
* Running out
of things to say *
* You must be crazy
to think I'd stay *
* For one more day *
[song ends]
Have you eaten
your breakfast yet?
What are you doing. missy?
It's just a stupid
TikTok dance challenge.
If your instructor saw you...
I don't know what
my instructors want.
I pick up the choreography
flawlessly.
I dance with clean lines.
complete extensions.
but I dance without the soul.
Boris keeps saying.
They want me to be
exactly like every other dancer.
perfectly in sync.
yet they want me to be unique!
Believe me. baby...
the Metropolitan
School of Ballet
wants precision.
not unique.
Unique is overrated.
Mom...
I have been there.
done that.
and I have a drawer full of
unpublished music to prove it.
but you...
my perfect little ballerina.
you stay focused
and keep your eye
on the prize.
[sighing] Morning.
[Danielle] You want coffee?
I'll take it to go.
I-I know it's Saturday.
but...
I get it.
Handle your business.
Let me make it up to you.
How about I take you
on a special date night.
uh. Thursday?
[sighing]
Sandra's got aquatic therapy
for her knee.
Ah. that's right.
How about next Saturday?
I'm helping RJ
with his fundraiser.
Your brother's dance studio's
not gonna make or break
over some $9 rib tips
or peach cobbler
at a cookout fundraiser.
Don't knock
my peach cobbler!
We could really use
a date night. Dani.
I haven't had your peach cobbler
in quite a while.
Well. it's hard for you
to enjoy my peach cobbler
when you're always working
until almost midnight.
Oh. touché. [laughing]
Don't "touché" me
when you have to go to work.
Oh!
[chuckling]
All right. Rain check?
Hey. what about Friday?
I mean. I know
you have choir rehearsal.
but maybe after.
No. No more choir rehearsal
for now.
I lost my solo.
Oh...
Because I haven't been able
to make enough practices.
Bye. Mom.
Bye. Dad.
What's she up to?
Something tells me no good.
[door closing]
[sighing]
Okay. come on.
Hey.
-Oh. hey.
-Hi.
Thanks again for
taking Quinn the other day.
Oh. you're welcome.
Hey. what are you
up to right now?
Uh. well.
Paul has a study group.
and Phillip's
down the street at Tracy's.
doing his science project.
Okay. so that's the boys.
but I was asking about you.
Right.
Occupational hazard.
So. I have an idea.
How about you get dressed...
not that you don't look great.
but. uh. get dressed.
and come out to breakfast
with me.
I mean.
you gotta eat. right?
My treat.
You don't need
to treat me. Sam.
I'm inviting you out.
So...
meet you back here at 10:00?
Is that enough time?
I'm really sorry.
I'd love to.
but I just remembered
I have to be somewhere at 10:00.
Um. can I take a rain check?
Sure. No. yeah. Of course.
-Okay.
-[Quinn barking]
Okay.
Come on.
Come on. let's go.
[door closing]
[***]
Sandra. does your mother
know you're here?
[***]
All right!
Let me see it.
Here we go.
And a-five. six. seven. eight.
and...
* Let's get this started *
* Right now *
* Are you ready. are you ready *
* Whoa. oh. oh. oh
Whoa. oh. oh. oh *
* Let's get this started *
* Right now *
* Are you ready. are you ready *
* Whoa. oh. oh. oh *
* Let's get this started *
[RJ]
All right. freestyle!
* Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-dum-dum *
* Whoa. oh. whoa-oh-oh *
* Whoa. oh. oh. oh. oh *
* Let's get this started *
* Right now *
-Sorry.
* Are you ready.
are you ready *
* Whoa. oh. oh. oh... *
RJ?
What is
this person doing?
RJ? Make this stop!
* Are you ready.
are you ready *
Okay. you wanna
come at me?
You're gonna have to come
a lot harder than that!
Uh...
I came for...
I came for my daughter...
not for whatever this is.
[RJ] Take five.
[snapping] Sandra!
Yes. child.
I texted your mother.
Sandra.
You know the school vehemently
forbids outside dance classes...
especially in this style.
I'm just trying to find
some of the soul
my new instructor
insists I don't have.
Sandra. believe me.
this is not the soul
Boris was talking about.
No offense. RJ.
None taken.
[he chuckles]
Sorry.
so you're not a dancer?
Oh. don't let her fool you.
Dani can dance.
but she's really a singer.
But you. little miss.
you were holding out on me.
This isn't hobby-level dancing.
You've been a professional?
Any Broadway?
Plenty of talented performers
never made it to Broadway.
Right. Dani?
But that doesn't
have to mean it's too late.
What are you up to. RJ?
"Take Two."
A new competition show...
a spinoff of
"America's Next Superstar."
but all the acts are duos.
No. No.
One class does not mean
I'm a professional.
I watch those shows.
and I am not that.
[RJ] You have that in you.
and what's missing
I can get out of you.
So you'd be my partner?
Not exactly.
Dani!
Oh. no.
No!
No.
Dani. this show isn't
just about the performers.
They send a camera crew
to record rehearsals
and really dig into the process.
It would be
a chance for people to see me
do my magic as a choreographer.
This kind of exposure
could be a game-changer.
You have all these young
professional dancers
to choose from.
[RJ] Just like
every other number.
I want to present a duo
that will stand out.
something unique.
Unique is overrated!
Imagine it. Danielle.
Two old... I mean...
former performers
getting a second take
on Take Two.
The show will eat it up.
Okay. so what's in it for me?
Besides. of course.
the priceless embarrassment
of my children having
to watch their mother
dance on live TV?
A $100.000 grand prize
split three ways?
$33.000?
I'm in!
My mom... on TV?
[chuckling] No. No.
Uh... I'd be helping
your uncle to get on TV.
That's different.
Then you'll help me?
I didn't say that! No.
There's a lot going on. RJ.
Mark's job...
Sandra's showcase in May.
You know I am always down
to help you out. but...
Then help me.
[sighing]
[***]
[RJ] So here's the deal...
the acts who make it
to the finals
will have docu-style film crews
sent to their hometowns.
so getting to that point
is our main focus.
My sons are gonna be
so excited to be on TV.
What about your husband
and Sandra?
I'm not too worried
about Mark.
Is your partner okay
with being filmed?
Um...
he's on Broadway...
in Los Angeles.
He was supposed
to come back for us.
but I think he got stuck
in that infamous L.A. traffic...
10 years ago.
[chuckling]
Props to you for doing that
on your own. Claire.
I can't imagine
raising Sandra on my own.
You ladies need
to find your power.
What do you want to say
with your performance?
"Give me a lot of cash
so I can pay for my son's
insanely expensive
private-school tuition."
If I'm honest...
...I always wanted
the chance to play Effie
in Dreamgirls.
[chuckles bashfully]
Sing... and act.
[inhaling]
We both dreamed
of being on Broadway.
Your dream role
is Dreamgirls.
We're the Dream Moms.
I don't hate it.
All right.
All right. Dream Moms.
You've got a name.
Now... you need a routine.
I want you both to come
to our next rehearsal
ready to exemplify
this dream.
Um. do you want to go
for a coffee.
and we can
work this out?
I have to get home.
I have so many pointe-shoe
ribbons to sew.
[RJ] Um...
Well. we can always
talk about it at my house.
Great.
This is your house?
Yes.
[chuckling]
Why do you say it like that?
No. it's just...
I can't believe
anybody lives here.
It's like a museum.
All the art.
and it's so...
"So" what?
Honestly?
Clean.
[chuckling]
How do you manage it all?
Between my volunteer work.
networking events
with my husband.
and keeping Sandra's schedule.
it's a lot!
I don't know
how I'd get it done
if I didn't have any help.
I'm a single mom.
I am the help.
What are you saying. Claire?
Oh! No. No. no. no. no. no.
I didn't mean...
My husband and I both
came from humble beginnings.
We worked really hard
to get here.
I know.
[gently] But remember
what RJ said about us?
Where are you
in your life?
I think
we might need something
a little stronger
than camomile
to have this conversation.
When I wanted to be a star.
life was just too messy.
There were auditions
and babysitting.
[pouring drinks]
Mark was...
[glass slides on counter]
...starting to regain momentum
as a staff lawyer.
and the note was always...
..."unique voice."
"Unique" couldn't pay the bills.
So you hitched your star
to theirs?
I like to think of it more
as a "wind beneath my wings"
situation.
thank you very much.
You helped your husband
advance his career.
I get it. believe me.
And then there was
Sandra. and now RJ.
Everyone needs
a cheerleader in their corner.
[Claire] I know that smile.
Every mom knows that smile.
Wouldn't it be
so great
if this show could get us
off of the sidelines
and back onto
center stage?
All I know
is that I want to help
my little brother
get some exposure.
What about you?
I need the cash.
And exposure's
not gonna cut it.
We need to win for that.
[***]
Was that you. Mom?
Me a million years ago. yeah.
You look so... young.
I'm gonna choose
to not be offended by that.
Look at this one. Mom.
What were you.
some kind of street performer?
No. [laughing]
We would. um...
we would hang out at this cafe
in between rehearsals.
and without a doubt.
someone would get up
and start dancing
out of nowhere...
in the streets. yes.
but we weren't
street performers.
We were...
-Crazy. looks like.
[both chuckling]
No. we were inspired.
What happened to you?
I'm gonna tell you
what happened to me today.
smarty-pants.
I spoke
to the admissions counselor
at the Wallford School.
Mom...
I'm the reason that you didn't
get that scholarship.
and I want to make sure
that you're gonna go
to that school.
What's that mean?
I spoke to her.
mom to mom.
and she told me
that if you do
a supplemental essay.
she will consider
giving it to the committee
as a late submission.
"What makes
a Wallford man?"
I don't know. What?
No. that's the essay topic.
If it's this complicated.
maybe this just
isn't meant to be.
I didn't make it to Broadway...
but a school like Wallford...
...it can help you
get your dream.
[***]
[dance music playing nearby]
[bass grooving. beat thumping]
[***]
Sandra. what...?
I know. Mom.
I know. It just...
No. no. no. no. no.
What is this song?
I love it!
Oh. it's "Bring It Back."
Why?
Hey...
[Sandra chuckling]
[humming tune]
Come on. Mom.
It's super fine.
Oh! It is super fine!
[Sandra laughing]
Hey! Hey...
[laughing] Mom...
Hey-ey-ey-ey!
Show me what you were doing.
Okay. okay. So it's...
Ready?
-'Kay.
Okay. Gotta find that beat.
One. two. three. and four.
Uh-huh. I can do that.
-Okay. ready?
-Yeah.
One. two. three. and four.
-Hey!
[laughing]
Hey.
Oh. eh. eh.
[laughing]
I love this beat. Boop!
Boop. Boop.
My shoe fell off!
-[laughter]
* My patience
ain't gonna last *
* No. no *
* So bring it back *
* Never want to be
the one you've forgotten *
* Because here I come *
* Only want to be
the one you adore *
* I want you back *
* You and me
Chemistry *
* Settin' fire
to the dance floor *
* Yeah. yeah! *
[music stops abruptly]
What?
No. it was good.
It was...
It was really... good.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
but good ain't great.
and you two
are gonna have to be great
if you want to make any kind
of serious impression
with the judges.
Was it sharp?
Is it flat? I...
I don't understand.
Technically. perfection.
but inspirationally.
it was...
It was a little flat.
Okay. Claire.
Well. let's see where
you're at with the choreography.
Okay.
[sighing]
[beat starts]
[exhaling]
* I got this feeling *
* It's so impossible to ignore *
* Or am I dreamin'? *
* This déjà vu gonna leave me *
* Wanting more
and more and more *
* Imma gonna get
a little personal *
* You're never gonna get
another chance. you know *
* Of taking it home *
* Yeah. can you feel it *
* It's getting clo... *
[music stops]
It was that bad. huh?
Not that bad. per se.
You need to build up
your stamina.
Sing from your diaphragm.
Clean up your isolations.
Your kicks are high.
but they need some extending.
Your flicks are sharp.
but they have no narrative.
Your runs need more support.
and more...
I don't know. flavor?
Just a few things to clean up
before the auditions.
"Just a few things"?
We only have a few weeks.
Just bottom-line it. RJ.
What really is
the problem?
[sighing] Passion.
Check the lost and found.
because without it.
this ship has sunk
before it even set sail.
Okay. let's... let's...
let's do it again.
Let's try it again.
[Claire] Thrift shopping
is my inspiration.
[door bell ringing]
Well. we're both certainly
passionate about our kids.
Definitely.
You know. I read this
magazine article once
about finding your passion
after divorce.
Don't ask.
But it was all about
connecting to your senses.
Okay. Sounds promising.
There was a buffet
and a blindfold involved.
It's a start.
[chuckling]
That looks like I'm gonna
get elected to the PTA.
This is cashmere!
It's expensive.
Okay. fine.
Okay. so when you're not
dressing for the PTA.
who are you dressing for?
Uh. warmer weather?
I don't get...
Is there someone special
in your life?
[chuckling]
No! No.
I have two special boys
in my life.
and their names are Paul Jr.
and Phillip.
They are constantly
vying for my attention.
so. no. there's no man.
if that's what
you're getting at.
Well. I mean. there is.
[hangers clatter]
Okay. A little tea.
Spill.
Sam... is not a man.
He's my neighbor.
[hangers rattle]
If you say so.
[they chuckle]
Look. we really got
to start thinking about
wardrobe for our act.
You know. my boss says
"the first step to feeling good
is looking good."
[gasping] Wait.
Look at this!
That... is a look.
I thought you'd like it!
It's so elegant.
It looks like something
you'd wear
waiting on a gentleman caller
called "Beauregard"
or "Langston."
[chuckling]
I'm gonna get it.
Okay. Blanche. Get it!
What about you?
[deep breath]
I just don't see anything
that sparks in me
as much joy as that robe...
Dressing gown.
...as that robe
is sparking in you.
Okay.
Fine.
Then you're gonna have to find
your spark somewhere else.
Well. okay. PTA!
Challenge accepted.
[sighing]
Mark...
honey?
Would you come down here
for a moment?
Uh. what is it. babe?
I gotta finish this brief
by morning.
Uh...
oh. the brief can wait!
Okay.
Put this on me.
Yes. ma'am.
Okay!
Whatever this is.
I like it.
[chuckling]
But. um. what are we doing?
Well. let's just. uh...
call it
date night.
Okay.
Claire read an article
about...
connecting
to your passion
through the senses.
Oh. Okay. well. remind me
to thank this Claire.
Blindfolded.
you allow yourself to experience
all the other senses
in a more... heightened way.
Let's try it.
Let's go.
All right. here we go.
Here we go.
Mm-hmm.
Ooh...
an orange.
Ooh. you're good!
You're good.
All right. all right.
let's try something else.
Ahh...
...mm!
I know this one.
It's strawberry.
Mm. The best of the berries.
There's something stuck.
I think I got
a strawberry seed stuck.
Right here.
L-let's try something else.
Uh...
open your hands.
Okay.
Ow! What was that?
A molten stone?
You...
you could've fed that to me!
I mean. you said
you wanted
to experience all your senses
in a more heightened way.
Heightened!
Not a third-degree burn.
[Mark laughing]
I mean. what is all this. Dani?
I mean. the strawberries I get.
but a hot potato?
Okay. okay. okay.
you got me.
[sighing]
This is not
exactly a date night.
You know that thing
I'm doing for RJ?
Oh. this is about RJ?
He says I need
to regain my passion.
I mean... you've got passion.
I mean. passion for your family
and for...
your choir
and your philanthropic work.
but maybe the passion
RJ's talking about
is something you may have
lost for yourself. and...
Oh. my goodness.
I'm agreeing with RJ.
Forget RJ.
No. you're agreeing with RJ.
No. no. no! I mean. we...
Don't you have
a brief to work on?
The brief can wait. all right?
-No!
-[laughing]
[smoke detector beeping]
[Paul] Fire! Mom? Fire!
Dinner's on fire!
Oh. my god.
[lid clanging]
Peanut butter and jelly?
Mom. I...
I think you're molting.
Okay.
[knocking]
I'll get it.
[lid clattering]
Hey. I heard the smoke alarm.
What's happening?
Um. Sam... we're fine.
Do you need help?
No. Stay right there.
I do not need any help.
It's okay.
[puff]
Uh. uh. are you wearing a...
is that a ball gown?
It's a dressing gown.
It's vintage.
Hey. you're bleeding.
Are you...?
Um. it's grape jelly.
I. um...
I'm doing an experiment.
Clearly.
[chuckling]
You know. um. we really
don't need your help.
but I appreciate it.
[Sam] Oh.
Yeah. okay.
We are okay.
Are you sure
you guys don't need anything?
Other than maybe
a psychological evaluation. no.
We really do
appreciate your help. Sam.
[***]
Good night. Sam.
Good night... Claire.
[Phillip] Night. Sam!
Bye!
[exhaling]
[Quinn groaning]
What is that?
Either Quinn ate a pigeon.
or he's coughing up your dress.
It's a vintage
dressing gown.
[huffing]
* Every day you gotta
give it some more *
* We've been working out
down on the floor *
* Every day
you gotta give it your all *
So sorry.
Phillip had a baseball game.
I'm doing my best.
What is this supposed to be?
Mm.
Claire was
right about you. Dani.
You do need to loosen up.
Hold on. I don't know
that I said that.
in so many words.
You want me to sing here?
[beat thumping]
Now?
It's okay.
Don't worry about it. Danielle.
Nobody's really watching.
Your job
is to make them look.
This is silly!
I-I don't need to do this!
Well. you might be right.
If joggers
and bubble-blowing toddlers
can distract you.
imagine how
you're gonna react
when you've got three cameras
in and out of your face
at the round-one audition.
This isn't my first time
on a big stage. RJ.
But it will be
your first time on camera.
Okay?
All right. let's do it.
And five. six. seven. eight...
* So bring it back *
* Never want to be
the one you've forgotten *
* 'Cause here I come *
* I only wanna be
the one you adore *
* I want you back *
* You and me
Chemistry *
* Setting fire
to the dance floor *
* Yeah. yeah *
[song ends]
[RJ] Hmm. Again.
[both sighing]
[RJ] Everybody. listen up!
If you can stay an extra 10.
it would
help these mamas out.
If not. get gone.
Quickly. quickly.
We need eyes...
critical. brutally honest.
Tell it like it
T-I-"is" eyes.
The Take Two
round-one audition
is this weekend.
and these little mamas have
been playin' at this routine
when they need to be
slayin'.
Come on. you two.
Cue music!
* I got this feeling *
* It's so impossible
to ignore *
* Or am I dreaming? *
* This déjà vu
gonna leave me wanting *
* More and more *
* And more *
* Imma gonna get
a little personal *
* You're never gonna
get another chance. you know *
* Of taking it home *
* Yeah. can you feel it? *
* It's getting closer
and closer and closer *
* Than before *
* So bring it back *
* If you want to be
a part of my future *
* 'Cause here I come *
* Or you're gonna be
a part of my past *
* I want you back... *
Oh!
* Ooh. ooh *
-[music stops]
-I'm okay.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Ouch.
That doesn't sound okay.
[RJ] She's okay.
Pigheaded. but okay.
I was trying
to get them to watch.
You're trying too hard.
Yeah. yeah. I know. Danielle.
"Unique is overrated." right?
Your ankle
sure seems to think so.
[RJ] All right.
all right. you two.
Keep to the routine.
Claire. please.
Let's just get through
to the next round.
[door opening]
Take a little bit of a wave.
[puffing] Gone.
-[Paul chuckling]
-Hey!
[Claire] Hey.
[Sam] Try it.
Oh. hey. You okay?
It's fine.
It's just a little strain.
[Sam] Are you sure?
That looks like
more than a strain.
You should... yeah. take a seat.
I'll go get you some ice.
There you go.
[Phillip] Did it erupt?
Uh. it kind of leaked
a little bit.
It's pretty cool.
You can try again tomorrow.
Okay. I'll be up in a few.
[she sighs]
I haven't danced
like that since...
well. since I became a mom.
So I'm guessing that
"How was rehearsal?"
would be a dumb question.
[she chuckles]
Danielle is finally
starting to warm up to me.
and then this happened.
Well. warming up to you
is not difficult.
Just relax
and let people see you.
Danielle thinks
that I'm a mess.
Why on Earth
would she think that?
[laughing]
Ow! I'm kidding.
Honestly. you...
you amaze me
with everything you manage
to get done on your own.
and if this lady
can't see that.
see how amazing you are.
then she's...
...she's blind.
[inhaling deeply]
Okay.
Um. are you gonna go. or...
Uh. no.
I was gonna get another...
ice pack...
unless. should I go?
No.
No. um.
I think I should maybe
just put some pressure on it.
[Sam] You sure?
You think that's a good ide...
Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa!
-Sorry.
-That's okay.
Sorry.
[***]
[Phillip] Mom!
I'm coming.
Good night. Claire.
Good night. Sam.
-[door opens then closes]
-[sighing deeply]
* Mm. mm. mm *
* Mm. mm *
* Born on the wrong side
of the street *
* He laid it down
to his own beat *
Uh... okay.
Who do we have next here?
Pardon me.
Claire Ryan?
That's me.
Hey. Claire. And your partner.
Danielle Smith?
Danielle! I'm here.
You're late.
I'm rubbing off on you.
[hushed] Don't make me laugh.
I'm nervous!
Okay. Uh. Dream Moms.
[both] That's us.
Hey. you're up.
Come on in.
No pressure.
* Yeah. and use my name *
[quiet conversations]
* I got this feeling *
* It's so impossible
to ignore *
* Or am I dreaming *
* This déjà vu
Gonna leave me wanting *
* More and more and more *
* Imma gonna get
a little personal *
* You're never gonna get
another chance. you know *
* Of taking it home *
* Yeah. can you feel it? *
* It's gettin' closer
and closer and closer *
* Than before *
* So bring it back *
* If you wanna be
a part of my future *
* 'Cause here I come *
* Or you gonna be
a part of my past *
* I want you back *
* Gotta be a better way *
* 'Cause my patience *
* Ain't gonna last *
* No. no *
* So bring it back *
* Never wanna be the one
you've forgotten *
* 'Cause here I come *
* Only wanna be the one
you adore *
* I want you back *
* You and me
Chemistry *
* Setting fire
to the dance floor *
* Yeah. yeah! *
[light applause]
[***]
Ah.
Okay. everyone.
thank you for your patience.
your perseverance.
your passion.
Unfortunately.
for most of you.
this will be
the end of your journey.
but please don't
let that stop you.
You got to keep
persevering. okay?
Out of the remaining contestants
still with us
this evening.
we have three more finalists
that will make it
to the final rounds.
So without further ado.
the three acts that will be
going through to the finals
are...
...the Stringer Sisters!
[applause]
Oh! The Delta Dolls!
And the final act is...
Dream Moms.
-[gasping]
-[applause]
Congratulations. performers.
and we'll see you May 27th
for the finals.
so please. rest well.
rehearse a lot.
good night.
and good luck.
Take care.
Did he just say May 27th?
Yeah.
[***]
* Now are you getting enough *
* Now are you ready? *
* K-keep it. keep it movin' *
* 'Cause we just got started *
* Now are you getting enough *
* Now are you ready? *
* K-keep it. keep it movin' *
* Movin'. movin'. movin' *
* Fire it up *
* It's about to get crazy *
-[thump]
-Ooh!
Claire. what are you doing
here alone at night?
[call ringing]
Hello?
Hey.
I was wondering
if you guys wanted to come
for dinner tomorrow night.
Tomorrow's actually
pretty light.
besides rehearsal.
Okay.
You know. we've been
working so hard.
I thought it'd be really nice
to take a night off.
I need to talk to you
about something.
Besides.
I've had a really hard time
with my boss today.
so why don't we just
take a night and have fun?
Okay.
Let's chat tomorrow.
Paul. where's Phillip?
I want him to start
chopping up the salad.
All I want to chop
is this tie.
Do I have to wear this thing?
Phillip's insisting
on tying his own tie.
He's been up there
for. like. 20 minutes.
Okay. then you chop the salad.
[timer dinging]
Um. is that the chicken
or the potatoes?
Uh. are those supposed
to be doing something?
Yeah. they're supposed
to have done something.
Here. Stick a fork in them.
see if they're ready.
Paul.
love of my life...
did you turn the burner on when
I said to start the potatoes?
Y-you just told me
to put them on the stove.
We really need
to get you into that school.
Very funny.
How's that essay going along.
by the way?
-[starting burner]
-Uh. a lot like the potatoes...
not done.
Very funny.
The chicken!
-[door opening]
-[Sam] Hey!
Turns out I didn't
have any cornstarch.
but I had creamed corn.
and. uh... these guys.
[Claire] Hi. Come on in.
Phillip. what are you doing?
Me and Quinn
are searching for ingredients.
Okay. put
that thing on properly.
Can you guys help me
clean up. please?
Hi! What do you need from us?
What do you
want us to do?
Well. don't worry about us.
You just. um.
you just act naturally.
You know. pretend like
we're not even here.
We just want to kind of
capture what you're doing
in your natural environment
and really just share it
with the world. okay?
So you're doing great.
You just go about
your normal life.
Do you want to grab in there
for a two-shot?
Okay. whenever you're ready.
though. guys.
Okay. I found
the cornstarch.
[sighing]
[quietly]
Okay. so... just relax.
Um. don't try so hard.
You know. just be yourself.
Okay.
Um. not too much.
All righty!
Okay. I need...
a half sweet onion.
fresh basil.
stick of butter.
and heavy cream.
Okay. I have dried basil.
a can of crispy fried onions.
butter. and then.
there's at least two cans of
evaporated milk in the pantry.
I didn't have time
to get groceries
because I was rehearsing.
It's perfect.
It's not perfect.
This is a disaster.
No. this is family.
This is what happens
when I don't try too hard.
Yeah. and it's beautiful...
just like you.
[Brian] Aw. that was good.
That was good.
That was so. so. so. so good.
Can you do that line again?
The. um... so. "just like you"?
You said just.
"Perfect. just like you."
Yeah. try it. try it. try it.
-[doorbell ringing]
Okay.
Dinner is... served.
Mark. why don't
you carve the chicken?
Gladly.
[Paul] No. no. it's okay.
I'll go.
Here. let me do it.
Let me do it.
I got you.
Uh. maybe it's this angle.
I had a...
-Oh. yes. yes.
Thank you.
You know. it is tricky.
It's... you've got to take it.
uh. just. uh...
Okay. okay. okay!
Look. Look. look. look.
I'm sorry.
The timer had gone off.
so it's a little overdone.
-Ah.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah. well. compared to how
she usually cooks it. it's...
it's a lot overdone.
[loud laughter]
Hey!
It's true.
Omelets all around?
Sounds good!
-[laughter]
-Seriously?
-[music playing]
-[conversations]
[***]
What's going on with those two?
Sports...
the great male equalizer.
[Danielle chuckles]
Not those two.
Those two.
I know. right?
I have never seen him
like that.
Does my son have game?
I don't think Sandra
has talked to a teenager
outside of ballet
since winter break.
I don't even know
if Paul would need game
to get her attention.
-[laughing]
Hey. she could do
a lot worse.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Paul. he's adorable.
Well. he's about
to be a Wallford man.
Well. speaking
of impressive men...
Sam.
Sam the neighbor.
not the man.
[chuckling]
He certainly is
the kind to...
make you stop by
to borrow a cup of sugar.
if you know what I mean.
I do not know what
you're talking about. Danielle.
[laughing]
You can call me Dani.
[***]
Exactly.
[RJ] Ladies...
you two did
a good job at round one.
but "good" isn't gonna be
good enough to win this thing.
We've got to up the game.
[Dani] How likely
is that to happen. RJ?
I mean. really.
what are the odds?
[RJ] I can't say.
but the top three acts
from the last season
of America's Next Superstar
all got recording deals.
and one is even starring
in the Broadway revival
of Sweeney Todd.
The same thing could happen
with Take Two.
But there's only one way
to get the cash prize.
and that's to win.
I have an idea.
I've been working on something.
It's not ready yet.
but I think it might be cute.
What is it?
I'm thinking... a look.
I'm working on costumes.
Claire. when do you
have time to do that
with your job. the boys?
I can work on that!
Ladies. this is bigger
than outfits.
You need a new routine.
A new routine?
In three weeks?
[turning music player on]
[instrumental plays]
[turning music player off]
A song like this
perfectly captures
where you two are
as moms. as performers.
I could sing that.
I think I've got it.
Well...
you're not quite getting it.
This duo just
leveled up to a duet.
* 'Cause I'm gonna make you *
* I'm gonna make you
feel so alive *
Orenstein. I swear. I...
Did you make all this
with scraps?
Yes. I promise.
None of it belongs to you.
Mm.
Well. this is...
well...
I think you should
add some trim.
but that's just me.
[chuckling]
Well. come on!
You don't have all day
to dilly-dally around.
You know couture takes time.
my dear.
Okay.
Where?
Just. yeah...
where the trim goes.
Oh. right.
Baby. I'm sorry.
I'm so. so sorry.
Look. I brought
your favorite...
moo shu pork
and blueberries.
It's okay. Mom.
I made him
a grilled cheese.
It is not okay.
Thank you so much
for being with him.
Phillip.
you can watch some TV.
Two episodes.
You totally earned
more TV time.
[exhaling]
I don't get it. Mom.
I mean. you're late
all the time now.
but to miss an entire game?
That's not okay.
[Claire] I know.
You're right.
It's not okay.
I'm sorry.
I got caught up at work.
At work or at rehearsal?
I was at work...
working on my act.
See. Mom?
I knew it.
Th-this is so unfair.
[Claire] Unfair?
Paul. I know I messed up.
but how is this unfair?
You're always telling me.
"Be a man of your word. Paul.
You have nothing
if you don't have integrity."
I said I messed up.
Why are you so upset?
This isn't your game.
You know what he said to me?
He asked
if you missed his games.
you'd go to L.A. and get famous.
like Dad did.
[sighing]
Paul...
you know I would never
put anything above you guys.
But tonight you kind of did.
didn't you?
[sighing]
[***]
[Sandra] Mom... ugh!
I cannot get Boris
to give me the nod.
-[turns music off]
-The nod?
When you're doing it right
with that special savoir faire.
he does this thing
with his head.
and you just know you're "in."
Ah... the nod.
[Sandra] Yes. the nod.
but with me.
it's just shaking his head.
Wait. what are you doing?
Me? Nothing.
I mean...
[chuckling awkwardly]
...just this thing
your uncle has us doing.
Were you doing choreography?
You won't even let me
do Uncle RJ's choreography.
Do you even dance?
I had an entire performance
career before you. missy.
Yes! I can dance!
Okay. show me
what you got.
What. now?
Yes. now.
Okay.
[music starting]
Five. six. seven. eight.
Okay! Okay!
Get it. Aunt Viv.
Give me more. More...
-More?
-...fierce.
Fierce. Fierce. Okay.
[***]
Hey. hey.
-Hey!
-Ho!
[both] Hey!
[laughter]
[***]
Not bad.
[turns music off]
"Not bad." or "good"?
Let's just say
you and I are both gonna need
a little more practice
before we earn
the Boris nod...
as long as he's nodding
on showcase night.
Uh... about that. baby.
Um...
I know this showcase
is important to you.
[Sandra] Important?
Only the performance
that will determine
the fate of my entire life.
Is everything okay?
No problem.
No problem at all.
Great job today. kiddo.
Thanks. Mom.
Okay. so I have
rehearsal again tonight.
but your brother's
gonna order food...
hopefully something healthy.
[Sam] Oh. hey!
Slow down there.
How's it going?
Ahem.
Uh. say. Paul.
I was just gonna go. uh.
shoot some hoops.
Want a bit of one-on-one?
All right. yeah. sure. Whatever.
Okay. There you go.
Let's do it.
Thank you.
Nice.
You should
get mad more often.
[scoffing]
Who said I was mad?
I thought
it was pretty obvious...
that. and your mom
might've mentioned
you guys
kind of had a fight.
[backboard banging]
I can't believe
she told you that.
Did she tell you she completely
missed Phillip's game?
[Sam] Yeah. Yeah. she did.
She feels terrible.
I mean. she's trying her best.
Is she?
Because it seems like
she's hardly around lately.
Well. you know.
your mom. she...
she dedicates
her entire life to you kids.
She's just trying
to do something for herself.
You really gonna
hold that against her?
I'm not trying
to be a jerk.
Oh...
well. you know. try harder.
I'm glad
she's doing the show.
I-I want her to win.
I-I just don't want her
to win for me.
Why not?
She's so set on me
becoming a Wallford man.
What if I won't fit in?
Not possible.
What? That I won't fit in.
or I won't disappoint my mom?
Bit of both.
She wouldn't be trying so hard
to get you there otherwise.
That's just it.
She's... she's trying so hard.
It's a lot of pressure.
I-I don't know how kids
at these schools make it work.
Like Sandra.
She says
when she first started.
everyone treated her
like an outsider.
Now she's on her way
to a professional company.
and I can't even
handle prep school.
[backboard banging]
Well...
Sandra's a hard worker.
But so are you.
You get that from your mom.
So...
you like Sandra. huh?
[chuckling awkwardly]
Who said that?
I think you just did.
You should ask her out.
[laughing]
Really? Relationship advice
coming from you?
What?
I know a lot
about relationships.
[scoffing] Are you
listening to yourself?
What are you
talking about?
What?
I'm a kid...
not an idiot.
I see the way
you look at my mom.
She never lets anyone help her.
but that doesn't
stop you from trying.
"Try harder."
Take your shot. man.
Relationship advice
from a 16-year-old.
Well. look who's early!
Well. the early bird
catches the worm.
and I need about
a third of 100.000 worms.
You can have worms and...
...ah. wardrobe!
Isn't it fabulous?
That looks like
it's a month's rent.
Oh. don't worry about it.
It's a gift...
for you.
for us.
I just wanted
to take it off your plate.
What's with that look. Claire?
We were just talking
about new costumes. and...
Oh. you showed her the robes!
What robes?
Oh...
I thought you meant
like "robes."
It's... an actual robe.
It's not just a robe.
It's a whole concept.
I put a lot of time
and labor into these.
I was just
trying to help.
[Mark] Hello.
What happened?
Oh. Jameson basically told me
that I've got partner
in the bag!
Oh. baby!
I'm so proud of you!
When is it a done deal?
I'm not sure.
but I've invited him
to Sandra's showcase
to kind of seal it up.
I mean. he's always talking
about how important it is
for the firm to be
a pillar of the community.
and nothing says
"community support"
like a supportive family.
On the 27th. right?
Right.
What's wrong?
It is on the 27th. right?
I-I put it in my calendar
like you told me.
Yeah. Sandra's showcase
is on the 27th.
And so is mine.
Oh. Dani.
I didn't know
what to tell you.
Me?
I didn't know
what to tell Claire.
Well. that one's easy.
Tell her
you're devoted to your family.
And what about her family?
She needs the money!
I mean. she'll figure it out.
I mean. and Paul's up
for a scholarship. right?
-Yeah. but I...
-Dani.
[sighing]
I said I...
I know. I...
I will take care of it.
Okay.
I'll... I'll just go
put these in water.
[sighing]
[***]
[fence rattling]
Are we supposed to be here?
We're good.
I wanted to show you
this special place
my family used to come to.
Okay.
Come on.
I thought
this would be a good spot
to film
your next TikTok video.
I... I could help with it.
[she chuckles]
Laying it on a little thick.
huh?
I am trying to impress you.
I've actually
never been here before.
Jumping a fence?
My mom would be mortified.
[they chuckle]
You know you're gonna be
a star one day. right?
Ah. so that's what
the starlit tour is all about...
my inevitable stardom?
The first step
is my showcase.
How do you do it. Sandra?
Do what?
Keep the nerves from
making you just go A.W.O.L.?
I guess
I care about it more
than I care
what people think about me.
Except Boris.
I care what Boris
thinks about me.
All right.
let's see what you got.
I bet this video
will get enough likes
to shut down
any doubters...
especially Boris.
Ow!
Aah!
-Wait. are you all right?
Yeah. I just twisted my ankle.
[guard] Hey!
You can't be here.
Just go. Run!
I'm not
gonna leave you here.
[guard] Ah.
You two just stay right here.
[phone ringing]
[Claire] Hello?
He did what?
Okay.
Thank you for being there.
I'm gonna come now.
I'll be right there. Bye.
Oh. where do you
think you're going?
Still lots of work to do.
Orenstein. I gotta go.
It's my kid.
Family first.
I get it.
All right.
Get out of here.
[chuckling]
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-I really appreciate it.
Okay.
[inhaling sharply]
Hey. uh. so he called me
because he was embarrassed
to tell you.
so maybe go easy on him.
[snapping]
What is going on. Paul?
Mom. I-I can explain.
It...
Sandra Yvette Smith!
Mom...
Are you okay?
How's your foot?
It's just my toe.
and it's fine.
It's not as bad as it looks.
It's actually
really very sweet.
[Dani] Save it!
Your father will have plenty
to say about this. Plenty!
And I'm gonna
deal with you later.
These rehearsals are putting
a strain on our family.
Clearly. we have to put
our attention back on our kids.
Dani. come on!
Mom... Mom...
Please.
Come on.
[***]
[Claire] Oh. how is
your half-caf low-fat
Americano misto?
[sighing] I know.
It's an embarrassing order.
but I kinda like
that you know it.
I listen too.
This is a beautiful park.
I've never actually
been here before.
Yeah. I used to come here
with the kids
all the time
when they were younger.
A lot of good memories here.
Now a bad one too.
I cannot believe
Paul did that.
Maybe he's right. Maybe I...
Maybe I'm not being
present enough as a mom.
No. hey. listen.
You're a great mom.
I want to thank you
for always being there.
I know I'm not always the best
at asking for help.
Oh. really?
Hadn't noticed.
[they chuckle]
No. look. I...
I get it. I do.
You've had to do
everything on your own.
It's hard to allow yourself
to depend on anyone.
I just want you to know
that when you're ready to.
you can... depend on me.
Good to know.
[***]
[television theme song playing]
Come on. Mom!
You're on.
[***]
Welcome toTake Two
Recap and Tell-All
that will take us
to next week's
final ofTake Two.
"Tell-all"?
Kicking off the tell-all
are two moms...
the elders of this
inauguralTake Two season.
who are looking at
their second chance
to make their dreams
come true...
the Dream Moms.
I've been on my own
for over a decade now.
It's just been
my sons and me
and my work.
and nowTake Two.
and this is really
my opportunity
at making two of my biggest
dreams come true...
my dream of putting
my son through school
and becoming
a professional dancer.
[Brian] Is that where
the "dream"
in "Dream Moms" come in?
Kind of.
Not exactly.
That really came
from my partner. Danielle.
[Brian]
Danielle Smith...
a one-time
off-Broadway performer
and backup singer
for Ray Gray
and the Doo-Wops.
and a mother of a rising star
in the ballet world.
I had an entire performance
career before you. missy.
[Brian] You must be
really proud of your daughter.
Yes!
Definitely.
Watch this.
[***]
She has
a performance coming up.
[Brian] I take it
you're very excited
to see her perform?
Do you even dance?
Yes. I can dance!
Dinner is served.
[Brian] And how was
dinner at Clai?
Did you enjoy her cooking?
[Brian]
Will this mother's dreams
be threatened by
her da's rising star?
Tune in next
to find out.
I'm Brian Breacrest.
and we'll catch you
when we're looking at ya...
next week onTake Two.
I don't believe this.
Mom. this is awful
and totally untrue.
[show outro finishes]
Excuse me.
[call ringing]
[phone buzzing]
Hello. Claire?
Are you seeing this?
It's a lot.
It's a hatchet job!
They've taken everything
out of context!
Look. I'm sure
they're just
trying to get some ratings.
and the producers
will never see the wrap-up.
Do you want to know
who might see it?
Someone at Sandra's school.
or the partners
at Mark's job!
We look ridiculous.
Correction. I look ridiculous.
They made me out to be
some kind of villain.
I'm sorry. Claire.
but I can't
go through with this.
Are you serious?
I obviously need
to just redirect my energy
back to where it belongs...
with my family.
Please. Dani.
Don't let
some bogus little video
stop us
from our chance.
It's not just the show.
Sandra's showcase
is May 27th...
the same night
as the Take Twotaping.
And you're just
telling me this now.
I didn't know what to say!
I didn't know what to do.
And what about my child?
What about him?
You know what
this prize money means to us.
Hopefully he can
get that scholarship.
Hope?
I should've given up hope
a long time ago.
I know that this might be
some stupid pipe dream.
but this is my pipe dream.
I should have never. ever
relied on someone else.
I'm sorry. Claire.
I can't just not show up
for my daughter.
Of course you can't.
but this isn't about Sandra.
This is about you not being
able to show up for yourself.
so why would I ever think
that you could show up for me?
[***]
Okay. we have leftover...
um. eggs.
I can make you
an egg-salad sandwich.
We're good. Mom.
[Claire] You sure?
Did you eat something?
Do you want anything?
Yeah. I-I do want something.
I want you to go
to that competition.
[knocking at the door]
-Hey.
-Hi. Sam.
What are you doing here?
Well. I'm here to help you guys
get ready for your show.
Okay. I think
you all have amnesia.
No. Mom.
I think you're the one who's
forgotten what you always say...
"the show must..."
"Go on"?
Yeah.
So go on. do the show.
Paul...
I really appreciate it.
but my partner left me.
I can't exactly
do it alone.
You've had partners
leave you before.
That's never stopped you.
If anything.
it's made you stronger.
Come on. Phillip.
Let's get dressed.
[***]
It's very sweet.
It's a nice idea.
but it's crazy.
Mm-hmm.
What is this?
I think this is Paul's essay.
He'd probably kill me
if I snooped.
Probably.
I mean. if you read it.
then I technically
didn't read it.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. I don't...
Read it. Come on. please?
Just read it!
[Sam clears his throat]
Okay.
[grumbles under his breath]
[clears throat]
"I don't know that I'm sure
of what makes a Wallford man.
but I know that a woman
made a man out of me."
"My mother works
a very demanding job.
where she makes money
and friends.
but now she's working
to make an old dream come true.
She never gives up...
on herself or on me.
You can say that
about every parent...
but I know my mom
would do anything
to make sure I had
the best life possible.
and I owe it to her
to do anything
for that too."
[voice breaking]
He wrote that?
[softly] Yeah.
[Paul] "When my mother
is faced with a challenge.
she mans up
like nobody I've ever seen.
and because of her.
I'm ready to face
the challenge
of college preparation.
which is all about
being curious.
taking risks.
learning who you really are.
and gaining the skill
and confidence
to make your dreams
a reality.
So to answer
the thesis question.
"What makes a Wallford man?"
my answer is...
a mother."
[***]
I don't know
what you said to Paul
on the basketball court...
but thank you.
Okay.
Actually. he was the one
giving out the good advice.
[chuckling] Oh?
-Yeah.
-Really?
And what was that?
He said it was time
I took my shot.
Time! I gotta go.
Right. Yeah.
To be continued?
Yeah.
We'll be right behind you.
Okay.
Sandra.
I'm ready.
You look beautiful.
I am so proud of you.
Thanks. Mom.
Of course. baby.
No. really.
Thanks. Mom...
for everything.
I know how much
you sacrificed
for me to have the opportunities
that I have.
and I would
never jeopardize that.
I know. baby.
I should have never
gone out with Paul.
I get it.
No socializing. no injuries.
no boys...
just dance.
Well. yes... but no.
Sandra. I want you
to have a full life.
You gave up everything
that wasn't about me or Dad.
and I guess
when I have a family someday.
I might have to do that too.
Right. Mom?
[chuckling softly]
[kissing]
[***]
You almost ready?
Yeah.
I need a minute.
Hey.
[kissing]
You okay?
You know I'm proud of you.
right. Mark?
Of course.
Really proud of you.
I've been a team player. Mark.
I have kept my eye
on the prize.
What you
and Sandra wanted
became what I wanted. and...
what I really wanted
for myself...
...I let that go.
I never wanted that
for you
or for us.
It's not you.
It's on me.
[she sighs]
Even this Take Twothing.
I started all of it
because I wanted
to help my brother.
What I didn't realize is.
while I was focused
on making everyone else happy.
I forgot...
what makes me happy...
...what lights me up...
...what God has
blessed me to do...
[voice breaking] ...and
our daughter is seeing that.
She's also seeing
that her mother's
incredibly generous
with her time
and devoted to her family.
She's also seeing
that her mother
is not devoted to herself.
I've been teaching her
an either/or life...
to have one
is not to have the other.
I want both. Mark.
I've been to every recital.
every show...
[breath shaking]
...but this time.
I gotta show up for me.
I want to be proud of me.
[he chuckles]
[kissing]
[***]
There's that peach cobbler.
[chuckling]
[RJ] You've come a long way.
I'm proud of you.
So proud. in fact.
I invited an old friend
to the show tonight.
He's casting a new show
and saw you on that ghastly
Take Twowrap-up show.
but then he called me.
Maybe something good
can come
from that tabloid mess.
[call ringing]
[phone ringing]
Mm-hmm?
RJ?
I need you
to get Claire to the show.
[RJ] A million steps
ahead of you there.
She's already here.
Is that him?
Mm-hmm.
The show is gonna
start soon... Bruce.
I'd hate to disappoint her
by telling her you're coming
unless you're sure.
She's been
disappointed enough.
I know.
Well. you've got 20 minutes
till Claire's call.
Okay?
I certainly hope
you don't miss her. Bruce.
Hurry up. sir. Please?
[***]
Come on. Dani.
[tires screeching]
[door opening]
[door closing]
Keep the change.
Thank you.
[exhaling]
Hey. PTA.
I'm sorry. Claire.
I shouldn't have
given up on you.
You wouldn't be the first.
You can trust people
to be there for you.
to help you.
We're moms. right?
What did you say?
"We arethe help."
You've had one foot out
since we started this thing.
You're right.
I have.
But this partnership
we found.
I don't know how.
but through all the chaos.
we managed to create
something special.
And I promise.
I'm not ready
to give up on that.
to give up on me.
And you...
you help me to see that.
I was just scared
to want all of this again.
You think I'm not scared?
I'm terrified.
So...
are we ready to do this thing?
[both chuckling]
[Brian] Dream Mom.
Dream Mom. Dream Mom.
Dream Mom.
Hi.
Hi. It's "Dream Moms."
Dream Moms. right. Sorry.
Okay.
We're ready for you.
You look great.
by the way.
Come on.
[applause]
* Time *
* Has a funny way *
* Of making memories *
* Just fade away *
* I've taken that bet *
* Ain't forgetting you yet *
* Because only you *
* Make me feel *
* This *
-[beat drops]
-* Way *
* Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah *
* You caught us slaying
on a Saturday night *
* No way I'm playing *
* Got the moves
Gonna make you feel all right *
* Just get up
fill your cup *
* We're making it last
all night *
* Ooh. yeah *
* 'Cause that's just
what we came for *
* We know what to do *
* We'll take it to the limit *
* If you want to come too *
* Gonna do it. gonna do it
Right *
* Gonna do it so right
for you *
* Yeah. yeah *
* Gonna do it
gonna do it right *
* Gonna do it so right
tonight *
* Gonna do it
gonna do it *
* Right
Gonna do it so right tonight *
* Gonna do it
gonna do it right *
* Gonna do it so right tonight *
* Gonna do it
gonna do it right *
* Gonna do it so right tonight *
[***]
[applause and cheering]
And we're back
for the moment
we've all been waiting for...
to see who will be
the Next America's Superstar.
Will it be
the Stringer Sisters.
the Dream Moms.
or the Delta Dolls?
And this year's winners
of Take Two
are...
[drums rolling]
...hoo. the suspense!
Here we go.
The Delta Dolls!
-[cheering erupting]
-Wow! Congratulations.
Thank you for watching.
Tune in next season
of Take Two.
[director]
And we're out.
Hey. we got to perform
on Broadway.
Well...
the theater's
on Broadway.
We're not on Broadway.
There's always next season.
[footsteps approaching]
Mom. you were so robbed!
-[gasping]
-Hey!
Ohh.
Aunt Viv ain't got
nothing on you.
I can't believe
you made it!
Oh!
Wait.
Boris?
I am so proud of you.
Thanks. Mom.
Oh. my goodness.
[laughing]
And we are proud of you.
What did Jameson say
about me not being there?
Ah. he said it was odd.
I'm sorry. Mark.
He said it was odd
that a mother wouldn't choose
to support her family.
and I said
it's odd that a family wouldn't
choose to support the mother.
Mm. Come here.
And this is for you. Mom.
[sighing] I promise.
I wasn't snooping.
Mom. I know
you weren't snooping.
If you were snooping...
you would have seen this.
[gasping]
"After careful consideration.
the Scholarship Committee
of the Wallford School is..."
[voice breaking]
"...happy to extend..."
[sniffling] You got it?
[laughing joyfully]
Oh. I'm so proud of you!
That was amazing.
although it feels like
there's something missing.
If I recall.
you said something
about a "to be continued."
[chuckling]
Well. okay. PTA!
Mm-hmm!
[Mark and Dani chuckling]
Ladies?
This is Bruce.
Wait.
"Bruce" is Bruce Tallin?
TheBruce Tallin?
[Bruce chuckling]
It's great to meet you too.
I was so stoked to realize
my buddy RJ was working
with such a unique act.
You two would make
such a great addition
to my new Broadway show.
And. RJ.
we've got to talk
about you choreographing
for me again.
[both gasping]
You did a great job
with these two.
[Claire] What?
Well. I won't argue with facts.
[***]
[laughing in disbelief]
[all talking at once]
Perfect timing!
-Okay!
-Here we go.
Well... here.
To the Dream Moms.
To Broadway.
To family.
To a unique act.
Guess it's not
so overrated after all.
[laughter]
[***]